There are two types, or two different kinds of devotion. One devotion is known as a belief devotion
and the other is known as the understanding of the reason, then you really develop the devotion.
There are two devotions, and generally, mostly in the Buddhist teaching, particularly when you
started, that devotion is something that you started, through the content, knowing the reason,
knowing the cause and condition and circumstance, you pretty much understand, and then you really
develop the devotions.
So this is known as the devotion by knowing the reasoning or by knowing the qualities and the dev
otions. For example, in this case, for example, what is three jewels?
Three jewels is one who maintains that, keeping up that, is the lineage of the monsters, and these
lineage of the monsters who uphold that with courage and commitment, that blessing, that home, that
is also the duty of the others, and who activate that continually, that is the dakinis, or the d
harmakanas.
And that, again, those who come in the language of the world, that is the dharmas, who follow that
language or that word or the teaching, that is the sangha members.
So to knowing that, or connect to that, and then connect to your heart and mind, that is known as
the devotion, which is developed through the reason, through the understanding.
So generally, there is like two different ways, types of devotions, but in that case, generally,
when you come to the devotional self, the nature of the devotion is jewel, appreciation,
appreciation and confidence.
But, although it's interesting, or it's cherishing, cherishing, it's just beautiful, I mean, it's
beautiful. And that, when you feel the preciousness of that quality, preciousness of the richness
of everything, and therefore, you're going to preserve that with great honor and respect,
appreciate every moment, every inch, or every time.
And that is very beautiful qualities of the nature of the mind, that were kind of activated of the
growth of the spiritual realization of this bodhicitta, or this absolute bodhicitta, or the
absolute spirit guru, the dakini, as Roosevelt very master was talking.
So therefore, this devotion is important.